README.md, before:

# Molasses' SmallWM Fork
[![Ko-Fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-kofi-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&color=e57578&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=262a35)](https://ko-fi.com/molasses)
[![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-patreon-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&color=e57578&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=262a35)](https://www.patreon.com/molasseslover)

This is a free and open-source window manager forked from 
[Adam Marchetti](https://github.com/adamnew123456)'s
'[SmallWM](https://github.com/adamnew123456/SmallWM)' project.
It most notably uses CMake instead of Doxygen. Other than that the changes are
very minimal. This isn't a serious project, just something I personally use for
my desktop [rice](https://github.com/MolassesLover/dots).

## License

This fork of SmallWM is licensed under third version of the 
[GNU Lesser General Public License](LICENSE.md), 
as opposed to the 
[2-Clause BSD License](https://opensource.org/license/bsd-2-clause), which is
what the upstream version of 'SmallWM' uses.

Commit message:

Improved some of the phrasing in the `README.md` file

README.md, after:

# Molasses' SmallWM Fork
[![Ko-Fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-kofi-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&color=e57578&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=262a35)](https://ko-fi.com/molasses)
[![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-patreon-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&color=e57578&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=262a35)](https://www.patreon.com/molasseslover)

This is a free and open-source window manager forked from 
[Adam Marchetti](https://github.com/adamnew123456)'s
'[SmallWM](https://github.com/adamnew123456/SmallWM)' project.
A few small changes were made for my own use, most notably replacing Doxygen 
with CMake. Other than that the changes are very minimal. This isn't a serious 
project, just something I personally use for my desktop 
[rice](https://github.com/MolassesLover/dots).

## License

This fork of SmallWM is licensed under third version of the 
[GNU Lesser General Public License](LICENSE.md), 
as opposed to the 
[2-Clause BSD License](https://opensource.org/license/bsd-2-clause), which is
what the upstream version of 'SmallWM' uses.

Please, view the [LEGAL.md](docs/LEGAL.md) file for third-party licenses, along
with a copy of the original license.
